[FEATURE] Add JavaScript Navigation + Form Utilities (#1053)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/JavaScript/Navigation/Index.rst

.. include:: ../../../Includes.txt

.. _javascript-navigation:

=========================
Navigation via JavaScript
=========================

Navigate to URL
===============

> Navigates to URL once selected drop-down was changed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to a URL once selected drop-down is changed:
```

.. code-block:: html

   <select data-global-event="change" data-action-navigate="$value">'

`$value` refers to selected value.

Navigate to URL with Data
=========================

> Navigate to an URL on change of a drop-down, including the selected value in the URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to a URL on change of a drop-down, including the selected value in the URL:
```
Should this be similar to the above wording "Navigate to a URL once selected drop-down is changed, and include the selected value in the URL" ?
